Fixed #32687 -- Restored passing process’ environment to underlying tool in dbshell on PostgreSQL. (#14315)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.1.txt

* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where variable lookup errors were logged when
  rendering some admin templates (:ticket:`32681`).

> * Fixed a regression in Django 3.2 where ``dbshell`` command did not respect
>   environment variables when the postgresql client is used (:ticket:`32687`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 3.2 where the ``dbshell`` command did not pass
  environment variables when using the PostgreSQL backend (:ticket:`32687`).
```
